---
layout: post
title: Is it "Legal"?
subtitle: The moral struggle of internet piracy
bigimg: /img/court.jpg
image: /img/court.jpg
---
TL;DR: HEY YOU'VE JUST BEEN ROBBED!


In the modern era of computers and the internet, many struggle with the moral aspects of downloading software. People have a hard time figuring out the limitations on what is legally obtainable and the types of downloads that can bring legal action against them. I have conducted a survey to demonstrate how different majors and interests can have an effect on a person's position in the issue. I have also taken into account of online articles that provide key statistics on this controversial issue. The results may shock you.

To begin, the two different pools of people I decided to interview were those who have a strong background with computers and those without. The two interviewees with the strong computing background both agreed that the knew individuals who do pirate and they have experience using more advanced operating systems such as linux. On the other hand, the two interviewees that have a smaller background knew less about pirating and used more user-friendly operating systems such as macOS. 





Interview Questions:

1. How do you feel about piracy on the internet?

2. Have you or individuals you know taken part in piracy?

3. Do you consider downloading things off the internet illegal?

4. What types of items on the internet do you think can be pirated?

5. What type of computer/operating system do you have/use?

6. Do you or someone you know uses their computer to pirate things?

7. What type of phone do you have?

8. Do you or someone you know uses their phone to pirate things?

9. On a scale of 1-10, how would you rate your knowledge of computers?

10. What is your intended major?

11. What are your interests/hobbies?


<small><a title="Supreme Court" href="https://flickr.com/photos/brittanylynae/2250989363">Supreme Court</a> flickr photo by <a href="https://flickr.com/people/brittanylynae">brittanylynae</a> shared under a <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/">Creative Commons (BY) license</a> </small>
