---
layout: post
title: The Perfect Laptop
subtitle: Is it out there?
bigimg: /img/laptop.jpg
image: /img/laptop.jpg
---
TL;DR: There are so many laptops on the market, but are companies building them well.

Today in our modern day society many people have adapted a lifestyle that requires the need to be on the go and portable while being able to achieve a variety of tasks. This leaves people looking for a laptop that can be everything in one, have great specifications, and be at an affordable price.
In order to satisfy the needs of everyone the laptop needs to have good quality speakers, phenomenal screen resolution and color lighting. The device needs to also accommodate college students by being light weight, have an elegant low-profile design, and be built to last. This starts with build designs.

In order to be everything in one, the perfect laptop needs to be able to be a tablet and a computer at the same time. I personally think the best way to go about this is to have a detachable keyboard that can attach a tablet style screen like the Microsoft Surface Book line. It utilizes a docking mechanism that works with the technology we have available today. Some may argue that this would not be possible because this would require some type of connection for the graphics card and the rest of the internals that are built into the keyboard, however that is where thunderbolt port technology would come into play. Thunderbolt Type-C ports have the ability to transfer data at a speed of 40gbs. This definitely allows for the possibility of the separation of the graphics card from the screen. This technology has also been proven possible by the tech company Razor. Razor has created an external graphics card dock made possible by thunderbolt technology. Regular USB-C cables may have a problem with this. Speaking of internals, in order to satisfy the gaming community the Razor Blade Pro is a great example.

The Razor Blade Pro has fit a ton of firepower in its tiny chassis. At maximum specifications, you can get an GTX 1080, 2TB of internal storage, and 32Gbs of internal RAM. That is a amazing because of how thin the laptop is at 0.88 inches. This demonstrates that if a company tries to they can achieve making a perfect laptop for everyone. This would also require the necessary amount of ports on a laptop like Ethernet, USB 3.0 ports, the USB-C/Thunderbolt technology, and a port to connect to an external monitor. Some may disagree with this, especially Apple, with the idea of being able to use only USB-C on their laptops, however that method has been proven inefficient because of the necessary need for external dongles. Surprisingly though, Razor has managed to do this at a very affordable price.

Having an affordable price is key for everyone especially if not all of those monster internals are going to be utilized well. To entice an entirely different market of individuals the speakers and screen need to be the best of the best. A 4K screen would be the best idea for this because of its fully saturated display and intense resolution would make it perfect for video editing. Having a good set of speakers will make it pleasing for music production use and for watching movies and video. Some people may claim that these features are unnecessary to have in a laptop but these features really do go a long way, especially at increasing a products lifetime. for. Me being a college student myself, I am looking for a product that will last many years and will stay up to date with new tech that roles out everyday. In order for a company to achieve this a strong material needs to be used for the chassis of the laptop, usually a type of metal will be used for the best build quality. Aluminum would be the best fit for the perfect laptop because it is durable and lightweight.
Some may claim that these features are unnecessary to have in a laptop but these features really do go a long way, especially at increasing a products lifetime. Being lightweight is a big thing that not a lot of modern laptops can handle. Most laptops will go for extreme specifications and features, however will add lots of bulk to go with it and this is not what college students want. College students already have to deal with the weight of heavy textbooks so adding more weight from a laptop isn't an option for them. Some may claim that the weight of a laptop doesn't matter to everyone, however if you had the choice between a one pound laptop and a 15 pound laptop, then I would think everyone would choose the one pound laptop. It's just common sense.

The struggle with modern day technology is that we are always trying to find ways to have more on the go with us. I have been searching for a long time for a laptop that can handle everyday use, travel, and being a killer gaming machine. This unfortunately is not currently in the laptop market as of now, but their have been many advances for it in the future. Thunderbolt technology, and companies like Razor and ideas from Microsoft can break through this problem in the future. In conclusion, all the ideas for the perfect laptop are out there, they just need to be assembled together.








[Note: Change date when turned in because future dates will cause error]


<small><a title="DSCF4021" href="https://flickr.com/photos/yxbenh/32955114840">DSCF4021</a> flickr photo by <a href="https://flickr.com/people/yxbenh">boxyinfinity</a> shared under a <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/">Creative Commons (BY) license</a> </small>
