---
layout: post
title: Comvo!
subtitle: Communicating with Voice?
bigimg: /img/conversation.jpg
image: /img/conversation.jpg
---

TR;DR: Today in our modern day society we spend a lot of time on the internet. It connects us together and brings millions of information to our fingertips and the new comvo application connects us in new ways never before seen.

Today in our modern day society we spend a lot of time on the internet. It connects us together and brings millions of information to our fingertips. Most of us can't go without looking at a phone or computer screen for even one day. The reason for this ranges from streaming online videos to online shopping, which all requires the use of the internet. Now with all these features at our disposal, people have looked for a way to share this information with each other. This is where social media comes into play.

The internet has connected everyone with the ability to share information through social media. Some of these networks include facebook, twitter, instagram, and snapchat. They have proven to be beneficial in allowing people to form groups and make accounts with their friends to share what's on each other's minds and events that are happening in their lives. People are even given the ability to share videos and give feedback on events in the world. This has expanded our abilities to communicate on a more interesting and grand scale.

Communication is an important aspect of the internet and the way we interact as a society. It is one of the many actions we perform on a daily basis, whether that's grabbing a coffee with someone or sending a text message in a group chat. There is one difference between these forms of communication; Your voice. Your voice is a key character of who you are as a person and distinguishes you from the crowd. Most social media apps have started to incorporate the use of your voice, but not as its main feature until today.

The new social media application named Comvo is ready to take the market by storm. It evolves the way we communicate through the internet and social media by going back to what we already do; talk to people. The app's main features involve sending voice messages, posts that utilize clear audio, and the ability to form groups with your friends. The app uses colors that are easy on the eyes and has a user friendly interface that brings something that is both familiar and new to its users. This is a very important feature because most social media applications that are out right now are either user friendly, but lack sufficient content.


<small><a title="Conversations" href="https://flickr.com/photos/27568572@N06/15493241371">Conversations</a> flickr photo by <a href="https://flickr.com/people/27568572@N06">pointn'click</a> shared under a <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/">Creative Commons (BY) license</a> </small>
