---
layout: post
title: It's a trap!
subtitle: Does Google have a hold on your life?
bigimg: /img/prison.jpg
image: /img/prison.jpg
---
TL;DR: Google has created a monopoly of programs that are taking control of our daily lives.

The Google corporation is critically acclaimed for making many applications that are used in our daily lives. These applications vary from giving people the ability to stream videos to organizing their email. This has given the Google corporation or Alphabet Inc. the ability to lock us into its trap. They have boxed us in, which has made us more dependent on outside help and are making money off of it.

Google has made a ton of applications for the world to use. Some of the many applications Google has created include gmail, youtube, google drive, google docs, and google maps. Alphabet Inc. claims that their programs are a benefit to society. I think that this is the complete opposite. Applications like Google Maps have made society dependent on technology to find their way to get places. I know this from hands on personal experience that even going to my friends house that I have been to some much can sometimes be a challenge to navigate there on my own. If I don't remember as small part of the trip, it can be very tempting to just ask for their address and plug it into my phone. Even when I struggle to do something on my computer or can't figure out what to do in a video game, it is very, very tempting to go on youtube to look for a tutorial instead of figuring it out on my own.

In order to fill our growing need as a society now that we have become dependent, Google has continued to expand their growth in applications and as a result locked us in. There are so many Google applications now that you can probably find one for just about any task you need to complete. Google will claim that they are trying to be helpful in every way possible to assist you in you daily lives, but what they are really doing is keep you using their products. The more you use all of their applications, the more dependence you will have to the Google corporation.




Why lock us in and make us dependent: to make money off of us

business stand point: why do people want more open and accessible?   
negatives: locked in, dependent on applications, forcing you to buy their products, google tries to keep their hold on you so they can make money with ads.


<small><a title="Prison" href="https://flickr.com/photos/zero101/4014410294">Prison</a> flickr photo by <a href="https://flickr.com/people/zero101">StudioTempura</a> shared under a <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/2.0/">Creative Commons (BY-NC-ND) license</a> </small>
